doc: Update wording about previous plugin versions (#15068)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/blog/announcing-cloudquery-new-hub.mdx

To protect the CloudQuery Infrastructure that hosts plugins, we are going to introduce rate limiting per IP address when downloading plugins without logging in. If you frequently download plugins at a high rate, we recommend to either cache the downloaded assets or to log in to increase your rate limit.

> Previous versions of plugins are published on GitHub and will be hosted there, so you should not experience any disruption to your production systems. New plugin versions will be continued to published to both GitHub and CQ Hub so you will have time to create an account for higher rate limits. 

Reviewer: Should we specify for how long we'll keep publishing to GitHub?

Author: Let's not commit yet.

> Previous versions of plugins are published on GitHub and will be hosted there, so you should not experience any disruption to your production systems. New plugin versions will be continued to published to both GitHub and CQ Hub so you will have time to create an account for higher rate limits. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previous versions of plugins are published on GitHub and will continue to be hosted there, so you should not experience any disruption to your production systems. New plugin versions will continue to be published to both GitHub and CQ Hub for a one-month transition period, so you will have time to create an account for higher rate limits, if necessary.
```
